There once was a boy named Bobby.
He was a regulsr boy that did regular things.
On the weekdays, he would go to school and compelete his homework on time.
On the weekends, he played video games with his friends.
He lived a simple life free of problems.
However, on a weekend in his home, something happened.

Upon waking up Saturday morning, Bobby discovered that gravity no longer affected him.
"Hmmm." thought Bobby as he gently bounced against his bedroom ceiling. "I don't recall having any issue with gravity
when I fell asleep last night. I wonder if it was the helium I consumed for dinner." Without noticing,
while Bobby was thinking, he had slowly drifted closer and closer to his bedroom ceiling fan, which was whirring about
at quite the rapid clip. Suddenly, snapping out of his inner thoughts, Bobby noticed the fan close to his face and scrambled
about to act quickly!

Bobby decided to grab one of the blades on the fan instead of smashing his face on them. Grabing the blade made Bobby spin 
alongside the fan. The longer he keeps hanging, the faster he was going to spin! Smart Bobby decided to let go of the balde 
just at the right time to redirect himself towards the fan switch and turn it off. 

Unfortunately for Bobby, friction also became non-existant. He hit the switch and turned it off, but he also turned the lights
off. After hitting the wall he bounced back and was stuck in an endless loop of bouncing off the walls. Bobby could not see, 
and was losing track of time. Eventually he heard a knock at his door. "Bobby, are you ok?" Bobby quickly responded, "No! Don't 
open the door, I am stuck bouncing off the walls in the dark. I am floating and if you open the door I will fly away." A moment 
later the door opened.

Behind the door was Bobby's father, Jimmy. As the door opened, Jimmy's face turned from one of concern to shock and confusion.
With the door fully open, Bobby flew into the hallway, down to the living room, and out a window. Bobby continued to fly until
he was no longer visible to the naked eye. "Well I guess I didn't truly understand the gravity of the situation," said Jimmy.

La fin.
